---
layout: post
title:  "The Whirlwind of 2016"
date:   2016-11-1 00:00:00 -0500
author: Mike Jandreau
categories: photo
excerpt: 2016 has been a bit of a whirlwind, but I suppose that can be true of any year where one is alive and things happen.
featured_image: /assets/images/2013-01-17-Neologism-Anticipointment.png
featured_thumb: /assets/images/2013-01-17-Neologism-Anticipointment.png
---
2016 has been a bit of a whirlwind, but I suppose that can be true of any year where one is alive and things happen.

This November is significant for a number of reasons, but it also marks a few important milestones for me personally. The home renovation project that seems to never end is slowly winding down. My living situation is transitioning from semi-nomadic to settled. Despite all of the craziness and uncertainty that is happening in the world right now, life is pretty good. Despite that, one thing that I've felt has been lacking over the past few years is my creative output. I just haven't been *making things*.

Actually, scratch that. I've been making a lot of things, but the website that launches or the brochure that goes off to print is usually to help sell someone else's products and services. It's part of the deal when you do creative work, and I don't mean that to sound like it's a bad thing. I get to draw and write code for a living, which to be honest, is pretty great. The downside is that <a href="http://youtu.be/dECZ7eTjo9k" target="_blank">personal projects</a> are put on the back burner because they take time from the work that keeps the lights on. 

In early October I was searching through an old hard drive and found some music I'd made several years ago. I gave it a listen, and decided to remaster a few tunes and <a href="https://soundcloud.com/mikejandreau/sets/couch-surfing-ep" target="_blank">put an EP together</a>. 

Not long after that, an email from <a href="http://nanowrimo.org" target="_blank">NaNoWriMo</a> hit my inbox. NaNoWrimo (National Novel Writing Month) us a writing challenge where you attempt to write a novel during the month of November. Insane right? Slightly, but I now have a two step creative evil plan for the next two months.

1. Write a story for <a href="http://nanowrimo.org" target="_blank">NaNoWriMo</a>
2. Finish and release <a href="https://soundcloud.com/mikejandreau/sets/couch-surfing-ep" target="_blank">*Couch Surfing*</a> 

It's ambitious and I might not hit the deadlines I've set, but come the end of the year, I'll still have put time into neglected projects and shared them. I'll periodically post progress on Facebook and Twitter, and for those that are interested in signing up for my mailing list, you get a free MP3 download from *Couch Surfing*. 

The whirlwind continues.



